.TH TYRION 1 "July 16, 2010"
.SH NAME
tyrion - Tyrion client
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
.B tyrion
-c filename
[-p profile]
[-j jid]
[-s service]
[-t timeout]
[-u user]
[-g group]
[--debug]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This is a client for testing Tyrion services.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -c, --config-file
The configuration file which must have at minimum the XMPP authentication
information.
.TP
.B -p, --profile
Allows user to specify a collection of settings which can be overridden using
the options below.
.TP
.B -j, --jid
The destination JID.
.TP
.B -s, --service
The name of the service to run (ex: org.tyrion.service.bash).
.TP
.B -t, --timeout
A suggested maximum time in seconds the service is allowed to run on the remote
system. This timeout is not enforced client-side.
.TP
.B -u, --user
The suggested user context under which the service should be run.
.TP
.B -g, --group
The suggested group context under which the service should be run.
.TP
.B --debug
This sets the debug level to the most verbose and display the logging
information to stderr.
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.PP
A simple service request might look like:
.IP
$ echo "echo test" | tyrion -c client.conf -p test
.br
test.node@example.org/tyrion (0): test
.PP
Where the profile section of client.conf has the following properties:
.IP
[profile:test]
.br
jid = test.node@example.org/tyrion
.br
service = org.tyrion.service.bash
.br
timeout = 300
.br
user = root
.br
group = root
.PP
This means we sent "echo test" to the "org.tyrion.service.bash" service on the
"test.node@example.org/tyrion" node. In the results we see the "from address"
followed by the "return code" in parentheses and the service results after the
colon.
.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP
Tyrion was written by Silas Sewell.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
tyrion-node(8)
